
1. Building influence and impacting your organization
https://www.oreilly.com/live-events/leadership-bootcamp/0636920078225/0636920080170/
In this course, you’ll:

Understand how emotional intelligence plays a vital role in developing your personal and professional life
Learn how to create a trusting environment that facilitates teamwork and team performance
Learn what makes one person more successful than others
Leadership skills are essential for career advancement, and honing them can lead to more effective management and greater, more positive influence on others.

Join expert Sujatha Das to discover your leadership abilities and learn how to put those skills into practice. You’ll understand how “leadership” is distinguished from “management” and how self-awareness and emotional intelligence can help you enhance your personal leadership style and your interactions with others. You’ll examine perceptions and how they impact leadership, learn how to make your work more visible, and examine ways to exert a more powerful influence on those around you. You’ll leave with the skills and competencies to lead with greater confidence and effectiveness.

Session 1: Identifying Your Leadership Traits

The first step toward leadership is understanding yourself and recognizing the leadership traits you already possess. In this session, you’ll learn how emotional intelligence and self-control are essential for leadership.

Session 2: Applying Leadership Skills

In this session, you’ll examine key leadership skills and understand how to apply them to create successful, productive teams and a healthy team culture.

Session 3: Being Seen as a Leader

A leader's success is often determined by his or her ability to influence others to achieve specific goals and objectives. In the final session, you’ll learn the role that perception plays in leadership and how to create the right perceptions about yourself, better visibility for your work, and the best ways to build your influence.

NOTE: With today’s registration, you’ll be signed up for all three sessions. Although you can attend any of the sessions individually, we recommend participating in all three sessions.


Reference:
Radical Candor: Be a Better Boss
https://www.oreilly.com/videos/cultivate-conference-2016/9781491959688/9781491959688-video245548/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HenYIyjR740
Kim Scott discusses her book "Just Work: Get Sh*t Done, Fast & Fair." One of the things that makes workplace injustice such a stubborn problem is that we often conflate six different problems. As Kimberle Crenshaw wrote, if you can’t name it, you can’t solve it. Just Work breaks down the problem of workplace injustice into its component parts: bias, prejudice, bullying, discrimination, harassment and physical violations. It defines each and describes the most effective response, depending on our differing roles: leader, upstander, person harmed, or person who causes harm. Leaders can take active measures to prevent injustice. Observers can learn to be upstanders, not silent bystanders. When we are harmed by injustice, we can choose how to respond. When we cause harm, we can address what we did in a way that makes us part of the solution rather than part of the problem. Everyone has a role to play, and together we can create the kind of working environment that allows everyone to do the best work of their lives, and enjoy working together.

Kim Scott is the co-founder of the company Radical Candor and author of two books, including Radical Candor: Be a Kick-Ass Boss Without Losing Your Humanity. She co-founded two companies that help organizations put the ideas in her books into practice. Additionally, she was a CEO coach at Dropbox, Qualtrics, Twitter, and other tech companies. Kim previously held leadership roles at Apple and Google. Earlier in her career Kim managed a pediatric clinic in Kosovo and started a diamond-cutting factory in Moscow.

Get the book here: https://goo.gle/3vDnGgv.
